Add information about when health check metrics are emitted (#40426)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/built-in-metrics-diagnostics.md

- [`dotnet.health_check.reports`](#metric-dotnethealth_checkreports)
- [`dotnet.health_check.unhealthy_checks`](#metric-dotnethealth_checkunhealthy_checks)

> These metrics can be enabled by calling the `AddTelemetryHealthCheckPublisher` extension method. These metrics can only be enabled for push-based metrics, and are not available for pull-based metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable these metrics by calling the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.CommonHealthChecksExtensions.AddTelemetryHealthCheckPublisher%2A> extension method. These metrics can only be enabled for push-based metrics and aren't available for pull-based metrics.
```
